When humans breathe in steam, enough water condenses inside of the lungs to cause choking.
Jet engines keep planes in the air.
If I eat 5kgs worth of food, my body weight doesn’t instantly increase by 5kgs
Europeans were much more technologically advanced than Americans. 
 500,000 people could show up at area 51.
Your breath changes temperature depending on how you shape your mouth while exhaling.
Human brains are smaller than a chicken breast.
Air tries to get into a bag of trips.
Animals with animals travel through forests without getting tangled.
body needs resistance training to get stronger.
You can not eat chicken raw.
A stuffed nose causes a deeper voice.
Video game platforms compile code the same way.
detectives can match someones handwriting to a specific person
You can hear the ocean inside of seashells.
Water is homogenous.
Elevators don't cause ears to be clogged/stuffy. . 
Frogs are able to hear each other over other frogs' croaks.
Area 51 is a secret held by the government. 
Birth certificates are medical documents.
Animals fight other animals of the same species with the intent to kill.
Software/game updates are distributed to every device.
Beard hair is the same as head hair.
The air pressure in the plane always stays the same.
Humans should be able to use both hands and feet predominantly. 
you reload them every time you open the page
People with amnesia forget all of their life experiences.
Shotguns don't have magazines. 
Governments have the power to shut down message boards.
Cavemen live in caves.
Humans are most attracted to people around our own age.
People can't create their own ISP to access the Internet.
Everyone in the 1990s thought the internet was just a fad that would fail.
The dark mode on the iPhone is easier on the eyes.
The cost of broadcasting TV content with an over the air antenna shouldn't be more than the cost to deliver the content on an app or website.
The brain stops developing after the mid-20's.
Plastic cell phone screens would be more durable.
You need organs and blood to be alive.
Archaeologists can decide how old a site/artifact is before digging it up.
 Body builders don't get stretch marks and excess skin.
Your entire house is at room temperature.
Jaw muscle locks up after a while of rest.
Heat that relaxes muscles makes meat tense up.
Card counting is illegal.
Taking painkillers before getting hurt is not effective.
Lithium mining is as pollutant as gasoline.
Your brain decides what's worth remembering.
Body parts are always accepted into the new body during a transplant.
People with amnesia can forget everything except speech.
Ice caps are made of only ice.
rainbow in nature is U shaped.
Most products aren't tested before selling.
There are a lot of positive electric charges in the ground.
If a weapon is effective, it should continue to be used.
Liquids like saliva and water affect paper straws equally.
Minecraft worlds are infinite.
Because we only have images of planets, it should be difficult to learn any information about it. 
The common cold is a single type of virus.
Serotonin makes us happy.
Metal cans are welded around canned food like tuna cans.
Female animals don't have periods or physically bleed like female humans.
google earth has sharp images despite satellites being so high up.
Airplanes able to get hit by lighting without it affecting the electronics, passengers, or ability to fly.
You can't add more uranium or plutonium to make atomic bombs stronger.
Not everyone has an eidetic memory.
Ballot measures are separate from legislative action.
A declining population should not be of concern to a small nation when there is global overpopulation
Grass grows vertically.
Magnets lose their magnetism over time. 
Color blind people could objectively see turquoise.
The common cold is one type of disease.
Temperatures are above freezing at the region of the sky where hail is supposed to form.
Animals that come back from extinction overcome inbreeding problems.
Satellite components need to be assembled in a sterile environment.
Team Trees will be ineffective in replenishing trees.
Water tastes different when you drink it after waking up.
Sheep removed their wool because they have less now than they did before. 
Virus are considered dead.
Horses and cows graze in the same manner in pasture or enclosure.
People who whistle generally subconsciously know how to produce certain tones.
The earth's shadow on the moon the same color as the sky.
The immune system does not reject and attack blood from blood transfusions.
All migrating birds do not stay in the south in the summer.
Gum should not contain calories if humans don't actually consume it. 
Out of the tools that Swat Teams and Firemen use to breach doors, one tool is more efficient so both parties should use the best tool available. 
gravity affects photons.,
More tires on a car makes it less likely to break ice.
Paper planes have the capability to fly. 
passenger jets have their fuel manually calculated
 Iran doesn't know how to build a nuke.
It is not possible to vote through an app. 
The penis doesn't bruise with vigorous motion.
Tinnitus causes a ringing sound.
The skin replaces itself every six weeks.
Humans die instantly after they are shot. 
Probabilities should play out as expected regardless of sample size.
The electric impulses of the human body are similar to electronic devices.
The FBI do not investigate police misconduct.
corrosive substances get sored in glass containers
Pain of birth is worst than pain of death. 
Australia can't build cities in their country.
It should be possible to vote on a cellular app. 
Sports video games card packs are not as hot or popular as loot boxes in other games. 
Insurance companies in hurricane prone areas pay out more money than they are making through premiums.
Earth should be able to be accurately depicted on a globe. 
Power plants and grids store excess electricity.
Darker surfaces should not be very reflective.
Glaciers freeze the ice that has melted off previously to regain size. 
We can't sleep longer periods of time.
Building tolerance completely nullifies the effect of a substances.
able to control the amount so the drizzle is constant
Liquids like gasoline are colder than other liquids.
All chemicals are unhealthy.
We can't use nukes on an asteroid that would otherwise hit the earth.
Music rights for movies are secured forever.
It takes 100 digits of Pi to calculate the diameter of the solar system down to a grain of sand.
Shoes should last as long as tires since they are both rubber.
All words that start with a vowel must use an an before them. 
If you get half your DNA from each of your parents, siblings should be carbon copies of each other.
Supersonic flights have been abolished completely. 
Water in water towers stagnate.
It does not make sense to sentence a person to 150 years in prison if they can't live that long anyways, prosecutors should use the life in prison sentence instead. 
Psychological tests that are used pre-employment must be difficult to cheat on.
1.5 billion census forms are printed.
Hospital patients need physical therapy to walk again because they get damaged in the leg or spine.
There is no risk of rejection with donated blood.
Jellyfish are immortal. 
when you are born you perceive images upside down
Graphic cards are rendering the images for shows or animated movies.
Other species' babies have a fighting instinct.
The human body can easily and rapidly tell when something they ate is bad. 
People could feel the Tsar Bomba Shockwave.
An animal is called extinct when they know there aren't more anywhere.
The color black attracts heat
It is practical to replace the blood of a sick person to cure them.
Color is displayed by light that is reflected off different materials and objects. 
not a similar disease that wiped out europeans
Material that blocks water will also block gas.
Separating airplane liquids into a maximum of 10 100 ML bottles doesn't provide safety.
Downer drugs make you depressed.
Most naturally growing things delight our sense of taste.
Either the muscle builds from the skeleton, or the skeleton builds from the muscle of the human body. 
Solar powered calculators only get charged by sunlight.
Freshwater that feeds into oceans stays fresh.
children learn most of their vocabulary in first three years.
It should be possible to use liposuction to make a large individual thin.
Hospital trays are for vomit.
Animals don't wake up at all while they hibernate.
Super powerful telescopes allow us to see things from all distances.
STDs were not a globally widespread issue before condoms.
There is a difference between shower gel and normal body soap.
The sun has been around since the beginning of recorded time.
It is improbable that creators of free apps are making money from their apps. 
Amputees with bionic appendages get less fatigued since their appendages are not living.
The Hubble telescope always gets clear images without other space objects in the way of the shot.
some animals cannot be domesticated
Clouds only move left and right.
A nap helps us feel refreshed.
A musician can be sure that what they wrote is not similar to something that already exists.
Smart screens only work with skin. 
Other planets can't support life. 
Drugs are designed to target an ailment exactly, with no side effects.
Utility companies are not considered monopolies.
The body digests fermented and distilled alcohol differently.
A core only has two threads in a processor.
Sleeping for 8 hours a day is not an ideal sleeping pattern because you wake in the middle of a sleeping cycle.
Rx is short for pharmacy. 
we can increase our lung capacity.
Anesthesia would be very useful for tasks that are slightly painful. 
It is not possible to chemically engineer gold in a lab.
Bacteria can find targets.
There's new technology that removes carbon from CO2.
All cars are grounded to the negative terminal on the battery.
Different types of salts come from different areas.
toes are important to body temperature
Companies receive payments from customers faster than they can refund their customers. 
The colour of your skin is due to the amount of melatonin.
Muscles grow over time in size from being used.
Flint Michigan does not have clean water.
There is no need to split white and colored clothing in laundry anymore.
Climbing vines find structures or trees to climb up.
The universe is the size of 98 billion light years but is only 13.8 billion light years, which is impossible. 
It should not be possible for meteor showers to occur every year because there is not enough meteors in space.
Creatures organise themselves into species rather than just slight gradients.
Wi-Fi is off on the phone when it is detecting nearby networks.
Structure fires should create a chain reaction that leads back to the source due to the gas lines attached. 
Rising prices of goods can outpace inflation.
The U.S. can buy Greenland.
Caught criminals that were hurt during a crime get priority treatment in hospitals.
Accessing an array is O(n).
Punctuation goes inside of quotation marks.
A laundry load of colors doesn't get mixed.
Earth is a closed loop system.
We blink because we need to close our eyes from time to time.
Apartheid is the cause of poverty in South Africa.
Fast charging sockets have the same output as regular sockets.
Head lice cannot be drowned in a bath.
Radiation can be given in random dosages.
Permanent magnets exist. 
Old fashioned land line telephones carried voice well.
they color graded in the pre digital era
Darker skin color is disadvantageous in hotter areas since it absorbs more heat.
A government knows the exact amount of physical money at any point in circulation.
certain foods and alcohol cause acne to form.
Different objects in the same room aren't the same temperature.
Vanilla flavored food has a lot of vanilla bean.
If productivity has been increasing for decades, then people should only need to work 2 or 3 days.
In the old days, people had to write down courtroom conversations by hand.
Airplane engines with inertial starters can't be restarted in the air from windmilling.
Single bananas rot faster than bananas in a bunch.
Cellular reception is required to livestream an event.
Celebrity net worths are accurate.
Bone is mostly made of calcium.
Aquatic animals like dolphins and whales drink water. 
Electricity is more cost effective than gas when being used to heat homes, because it is proven to be more cost effective in cars. 
Adults don't get bald based on what part of their head they sleep on.
Electronic payments are universally trusted.
The gas planets don't have a solid core.
The amount of blood from a cut should depend on the size of the cut.
Traveling super fast slows down your aging rate.
Light disappears rather than bouncing around in a room.
Bones do not decompose.
The crust on bread is healthier than the bread itself.
music royalties are harder to obtain than other kinds of royalties
Cameras can not see in color. 
It would be much better to allow drivers to sit in the middle of vehicles instead of the right or left to have better vision of the road. 
Mirrors invert images left to right.
It is important to let an engine warm up when started in the winter.
Blood transfusions include DNA.
Jaw clenching during sleep is only caused by stress.
Adults aren't as mean and angry towards others as students are.
Pictures are taken of the present.
Rainbows are only formed by the sun, not artifical light.
Fresh water is in a small supply. 
Plane engined are complex. 
stirring liquid decreases the temperature
Cell phone batteries drain faster when traveling.
Kids toss and turn at night more frequently than adults.
DEA sell drugs in drug busts.
Ancient structures would be destroyed by the buildup of debris that cover them over the years.
Movies are released once they're finished.
Online services still subscribe you to their newsletters though you didn’t tick the option to do so when signing up.
The United Nations succeeded in maintaining world peace.
The heat and energy that are added to the earth are staying on earth.
It's not possible to determine where 3 billiard balls will collide.
There is a difference in infant formula for 0-6 month olds and 6-12 month olds.
Porn was scrambled in the past.
65 degrees with AC on or off should feel the same.
Circulation is being cut off when a person can't feel their arm.
Earth and other planets images are not distorted when looking through a telescope. 
You can run out of dopamine.
speed limits vary from 10-70 mph
People with Tourette's syndrome say bad words and sentences.
Virtual data itself takes up space.
If humans cannot type whilst using gloves, then butt dialing should be impossible. 
Gaining muscle is preferable to gaining fat.
We don't feel pain when we're asleep.
Cake pieces are mixed into ice cream.
The respiratory system knows that there is enough oxygen in the air to breathe correctly.
Tattoos are permanent.
A waterproof phone means water doesn't get in.
Diseases can die.
Performance enhancing drugs in baseball are treated much more harshly than in other sports.
C# and Db are not the same.
It is not probable for something to be 46 billion light years away from earth when the universe is only 13 billion years old. 
Heat rises
Human babies only do well with human breast milk.
Not feeling sleepy and being stimulated are different things.
All humans are not able to remember everything.
Dvds completely replaced VHS in the past. 
The fetal position and slouching while sitting down affects the spine the same way.
If internet service providers provide 100mbs per second then it should only take 10 seconds to download 1 gigabyte. 
Babies pick up language by just listening without needing the words' meanings explained.
Meat starts spoiling the second the animal is killed.
Horses only eat straw.
If there's a psychiatric exam of a criminal, it happens after conviction.
Animals and/or reptiles grow to the size of their cage. 
Characters in open world games travel at a normal speed.
Only primary colors can be used to display an entire range of colors.
We aren't able to burn all our trash to get rid of it.
All galaxies are rushing away from every other galaxy.
pigs never get kept in pastures like cattle.
Surgeons make sure air doesn't get trapped in patients' bodies during and after surgeries.
Entropy increases on Earth.
Nvidia produces graphic cards.
Hurricane category ratings capture the destructiveness of a storm.
We have not landed on other planets.
Infinite transplants wouldn't cause harm to the human body.
The Soviets cared about landing on the moon.
Talking uses energy that could be used for something else when a person is at risk of dying.
Pi is infinite.
Animals have a higher pain threshold than humans.
There is no thunder or lightning during a snowstorm.
Some clothes are in affected by bleach. 
It's not possible to look up who owns a car.
We do not excrete vitamin B12.
Doctors keep your heart beating during bypass surgery.
It is hard to turn sea water drinkable.
If a person is walking straight, the laces of a hoodie should follow the same movement. 
Your stomach knows when food is ready for the intestines.
Animal clones and lab-grown meat use the same process.
When two devices sync up on the internet, they meet each others transmission rates. 
Countries with high-valued yet cheap currencies can't remove the zeros on their currency valuation.
Crowns aren't white to begin with.
Your body only needs vitamins to be healthy.
The US has lost its technology and ability to land on the moon.
There is no confirmation of the benefits vitamins bring. 
We can truly verify whether or not a species is extinct.
Microplastics are potentially dangerous. 
Federal agencies must disclose any information requested under the FOIA.
Putting pressure on a wound facilitates clotting. 
Only UK houses use timber joists and floorboards for upper floors instead of concrete.
Black Friday is not profitable for a business.
underwater tunnels are actually in the water.
You are in control of your lungs during an asthma attack.
"Not for profit" companies cannot make more money than they can spend.
Eating unsafe plants and animals always results in death.
Generals within the Civil War had accurate maps of elevation, roads, and other areas. 
Infrared would be more efficient to use than Bluetooth. 
Tabloids avoid being libelous.
We can't use energy from atoms to power things like cars.
It's healthy for a heart rate to be raised to a high level.
If you jumped into a moving car, you wouldn't continue to move with it like you would a moving plane.
Actors consider film roles to be more prestigious than television roles.
Pool tables know the difference between colored and white balls.
All foods are converted into the same source of energy, therefore it does not matter what is consumed by humans. 
Yeti coolers keep things colder for longer than other coolers.
No plan has been made for the need of additional IP addresses past IPv4.
The air that gets into an open wound during surgery is removed.
Sepsis is bacterial infection in the blood.
Touchscreens detect rubber.
The UK could leave the EU without a deal.
The brain is reading every word it comes across.
Using fresh water to extinguish fire is a waste, and sea water should be used instead. 
A fractured bone and broken bone are different.
A dark tint is illegal because it impairs your vision to drive.
It is feasible to do desalination on a large scale.
Americans need flu shots but eastern Europeans don't.
Astronauts can wash their clothes in space.
Adults don't sleep as heavily as kids.
A 100 watt 220v bulb will perform the same at 110v
Babies can breathe the fluid in their lungs at birth.
Everything was big when dinosaurs roamed the earth.
The German language has a harsh sound.
Chlorine and urine create gas that is toxic in any quantity.
Older people who are aging get long-sighted.
Anything traveling faster than the speed of sound should break the sound barrier.
The musical notes represented by letters and sounds are referring to the same notes.
Toys R Us opened a new brick and mortar store after bankruptcy without paying its original debts post-bankruptcy.
Languages with their own writing systems can't be written with the latin alphabet.
Chalk for pool cues is red.
Advil and Tylenol doses are unique from other medication because they don't increase by weight.
Earth reflecting a star's light causes earth to twinkle.
Paralysis does not affect organ function.
We can't make transparent metal.
All of the Rick and Mortys in the Rick and Morty Universe are the same age.
Bars and cafes are able to keep flies away.
Perpetual motion can't happen.
Hummingbirds don't physically fight.
A GPS requires transmission to your phone.
There is no point in buying a stock that will only rise 1 cent.
washer and dryer cant be the same machine
Cab businesses are not profitable outside of major cities.
It's very hard to convert salt water to drinkable water.
Craneflies only get food by hunting.
Trajectory of fired bullets in video games are tracked. 
Photons cannot be measured by mass.
The body is able to redirect blood flow to different areas. 
Ambient noise helps people fall asleep faster.
When eyes are closed, the body's senses aren't working.
Testosterone supplements contain testosterone.
Having a dry mouth can inhibit bacteria growth.
The stomach does not let stomach acid pass through.
Modern cars still use carburetors.
Water evaporates at 100 degrees Celsius.
Viruses can be treated with medication.
Due to the internet being infinite, there should not be finite energy or matter. 
1080p video on YouTube is the same as 1080p video on Stadia.
It is healthier to eat sugary fruit than it is to eat a similar amount of sugar from candy/soda.
Cold wind has a higher pitch than warm wind.
Something keeps oceans and seas from spreading viruses and many other contagious illnesses.
It is possible to add water to alcohol to reduce the level of alcohol within the drink. 
All threats detected by an antivirus and malicious.
organ differentiates between newer food and older food
Electromagnetic waves move up and down.
Clothes dryers can't send the static to the ground.
A prediction of a recession will cause the market to crash.
After getting soap in your eyes, the burning stops when you close your eyes.
Burning gas in a gas tank makes black smoke but does not in a vehicle. 
Home printing methods are substantially the same as commercial newspaper companies' printing methods.
If the heat of water can shrink clothes, then the heat of an iron should be able to shrink them too. 
England was able to own 95% of the planet. 
Reaching out to someone else for advice helps solidifies our choices. 
Planes can be powered by electric energy generated by solar panels.
Large multiplication problems can be calculated mentally.
Wisdom teeth grow back.
The workload of a GPS satellite increases as the number of users increases.
Headaches cause pain in the brain.
We don't know how the Egyptians built the pyramids.
Doctors do not know all of the sounds that humans can hear.
People with ADHD are overstimulated.
Free trade agreements protect the local market. 
The heart can be deteriorated from being used.
Google Translate's translations are totally off-mark.
The great depression was not survivable by businesses.
A country can call in debt from another country. 
Painkillers know how to locate pain. 
Hold music on the phone is low quality. 
Painkillers can't help with new pain, only existing pain.
Stoplights use on-road weight sensors.
Saltwater marine animals are drinking the saltwater.
We can not make new elements using a particle accelerator.
Pork rinds have the same type of protein as beans.
Air trapped in the body from surgery will cause issues.
The United Nations has the power to fine a country.
