Why can humans breathe in steam (like in a shower or sauna) and not have the water condense inside of their lungs, leading to choking?
How do jet engines keep planes in the air?
Why is it if I eat 5kgs worth of food, my body weight doesn’t instantly increase by 5kgs.
How is it that Europeans were so much more technologically advanced than the peoples of the Americas that it made their conquering so decisive?
If, hypothetically, all 500,000 people were to show up at area 51 what would the military most likely do?
Why does your breath change temperature depending on how you shape your mouth while exhaling?
How our brains, smaller than a chicken breast, not only quietly stores trillions of bytes of information, but, usually, is able to access a piece of information instantly.
Why does leaving a bag of chips open make them go stale when air can still get in if it's clothes-pinned shut?
How do animals with large antlers like Deer and Moose get through the forests without getting tangled constantly.
Why the body need resistance/weight training to get stronger? For example, why won't doing a bunch of jump squats result in a higher squat max?
why is it ok to eat some meat raw like fish but others like chicken could kill you?
How does a stuffed nose affect your voice so much so that it creates a deeper pitch and affects one's ability to hit higher notes when singing?
Why can't we just copy and paste a code for a videogame from a certain platform to another platform instead of rewriting it?
How can detectives and others match someone's handwriting to a specific person?
Why can you hear the ocean inside of seashells?
If water is homogeneous, why do different beaches from the same body of water have different levels clarity or cleanliness in the water?
Why do our ears get clogged when traveling by plane or on mountainside in a vehicle, but not when we go up big heights by elevator?
How do frogs hear each other over other frog's croaks?
How are secret government bases like area 51 allowed to exist? Since the government is a representation of the people, shouldn't any citizen be allowed in?
Why do adoptive parents get listed on birth certificates?
How is it that a human can punch another human and potentially kill them, whereas an animal like a tiger, who generates more force, just takes the strikes with little internal damage from another tiger?
How do software updates/game updates go to each and every device that carries it?
Why can bald people still grow beards?
when I’m in a plane at 35,000 ft in the air why is it so dry and not humid and why do my ears pop if the air pressure is the in the plane stays the same
Why can’t we have both hands/feet be predominant instead of just having one side?
Why do some web apps have manual updates even though you reload them every time you open the webpage?
Why do people with amnesia forget everything about their life experiences but don't forget how to perform basic human skills, such as talking, driving a car or cooking?
Why are magazines very typical for rifles, assault rifles, and pistols, but very atypical for shotguns?
Why can’t governments shut down message boards ?
did cavemen really live in caves?
Why are we attracted to people in and around our own age
Why can't you create your own ISP to access the internet?
Why everyone in the 1990s thought the Internet was just a fad and was going to fail massively?
how come iPhones dark mode is easier on the eyes?
Why do TV channels that are available for free with an over the air antenna (NBC, ABC, etc.) require a paid cable subscription to be watched on their app/website?
Why does the brain stop developing after your mid-20s?
Why do cell phone screens need to be made of glass? Wouldn't a more flexible and durable plastic composite (or something) make more sense?
how are jellyfish alive? They are see through and have no organs or blood?
How did archaeologists decide how old a site/artifact has to be before they're okay digging it up and taking it?
Why don’t body builders get stretch marks and excess skin like overweight people do?
Even though 72 is room temperature year round, why does it feel colder in the winter?
why does only our jaw muscle (the masseter) seem to 'lock up' when we use it after a while of rest? No other muscle appears to do this.
Why does heat relax our muscles but makes meat tense up?
Why is card counting illegal in casinos? Isn't it just a skill that not everyone has, how would they even know?
If i'm hurting somewhere and i take painkillers, pain goes away. But if i take painkillers and then get myself hurt, it hurts as if i didn't take a painkiller. Why?
how would electric cars be any better than gasoline cars? If everyone has an car, they are going to want a lithium ion battery. Lithium is very pollutant to mine, and also we would have to throw away a ton of them when they die.
How does your brain decide what's worth remembering and what's not?
How can a body part with different DNA be accepted into a new body during a transplant without being rejected by that new host body?
Why do people with amnesia not forget speech if they’ve forgotten everything else?
So the ice caps are melting, that's no surprise, but if you put ice in a measuring cup then fill it with water until let's say a liter (for you scientists and the rest of the world). Then the ice melts but the water stays at one liter, so how would the melting of the the ice caps raise
When we see rainbow in nature, why is it U-shaped?
why don’t more products need to be tested and proven safe before hitting the shelves?
Why are there so many positive electric charges in the ground?
If blackjacks (the weapon, not the game) were effective, why do they seem to no longer be used?
Why do paper straws go soggy and lose shape at the mouth end but maintain their structure whilst completely submerged in water/liquid?
How can a Minecraft world be infinite ?
How can scientists figure out anything about far away planets if we only have pictures of them?
Why has it been hard to find a cure for the common cold?
Serotonin is the hormone what makes us happy, so why aren't we just injecting it into our body/taking it as tablets to get out of misery on command?
How do they weld metal cans around foods like tuna, and how do those foods stay good for so long?
How come other female animals don't have periods and physically bleed every month like female humans do?
how does google earth have such sharp images and 3d buildings correct to the number of windows if satellites are so high up?
Why are airplanes able to get hit by lighting without it affecting the electronics, passengers, or ability to fly?
Why can't you add more uranium or plutonium to make atomic bombs stronger.
why doesn’t everyone have an eidetic memory? And what is the difference between a “photographic” and eidetic memory? (If there is one)
In the USA government, how is it decided whether issues get decided via ballot measure rather than legislative action?
Why is Japan's Declining Population viewed as a concern when geographically they are a small nation, and overpopulation is something that seems a like a global issue?
Why doesn’t grass grow to be as tall as something like a tree?
why do magnets lose their magnetism over time?
How would red/green colourblind people see the colour turquoise?
Why don’t we have a cure for the common cold? What’s make this problem particularly difficult to solve?
How does hail work when its summer and the temperatures are way above freezing?
how do animals that come back from extinction overcome inbreeding problems
Why do spacecraft and satellite components need to be assembled in a sterile environment?
3.5 - 7 Billion trees are cut each year, will this whole TeamTrees thing actually do anything other than a bit of awareness?
Why does water taste different when you drink a full glass after just waking up?
How did sheeps get rid of their wool before people stated to sheer them?
Why is a virus considered dead (and bacteria alive)?
Why do horses and cows never share the same pasture or enclosure?
How come you subconciously ”know” how to produce a certain tone when whistling?
why is the earth's shadow on the moon the same colour as the sky?
When a person gets an organ transplant the body's immune system will reject and attack the organ because of foreign DNA. Why does this not apply to blood transfusions?
it may be a stupid question, but why migrating birds return to the north in the summer if its to return to the south a few months later. why not stay in the south?
How does gum have calories if we don’t actually eat it?
why do SWAT teams use rams but firefighters use axes if the purpose of both tools is breaking through doors? One of these tools has to be more efficient than the other, so why don’t both use the same tool?
If photons are massless how does gravity affect them?
would having more tires on a car make it less likely to break ice while driving on it
If wings generate lift by creating a pressure differential above and below, why do paper planes with flat wings fly?
Why do passenger jets have to have their fuel manually calculated? why can't the computers in them automatically calculate the fuel?
Why Iran doesn't know how to build a nuke. Hasn't the technology been around for a while and isn't it public knowledge?
Why can't voting be done through an app, but banking can?
SERIOUS: Why is it that the penis doesn't bruise with vigorous motion/sucking when it has such thin skin and a large number of small blood vessels that are filled to the max?
Why does tinnitus cause a ringing sound?
How do tattoos last for years when your skin replaces itself every six weeks?
How does someone die instantly when they're shot?
Why is that 10 coin tosses are not reliably 50% heads and 50% tails, but million coin tosses are?
Atomic/nuclear bombs interfere with electronic devices. Why don't they interfere with the electrical impulses of the human body?
Why don’t the FBI or other 3rd party agencies investigate cases of police misconduct, wouldn’t this cut down on “no evidence of wrongdoing” reported by departments investigating their own people?
Why do corrosive substances get stored in glass containers?
Why is the pain of birth lighter borne than the pain of death?
The USA has many developed cities in "inhospitable" environments (Vegas, Phoenix), so why can't Australia build cities in the middle of their country?
Why can’t we just download an app, register to vote, and then vote on our phones?
How are sports video game 'ultimate team' card packs not as hot of an issue as loot boxes?
If places like Florida and Puerto Rico are hit by hurricane essentially every year, how do insurance companies make money? Wouldn't they be paying out more money than they are making through premiums?
Why can't Earth be accurately depicted on a globe, given that it is a globe?
How power plants and grids store electric if not in demand by consumer ?
Why are darker surfaces more reflective (like black cars vs. white cars), when a typical mirror seems very light and bright?
When glaciers melt during the warmer months how much gets frozen back during the cooler months?
Why can't we sleep for longer periods of time?
How is being put on a higher dose of stimulant medication helpful when you build tolerance regardless?
How is it possible to rain the whole day with just short breaks in between, or even without stopping at all? Do the clouds just never run out of water? How does it not just do one very heavy downpour, but is able to 'control' the amount so that the drizzle is constant?
Why are certain liquids, like gasoline, colder than other liquids even when they're kept in the same environment?
How are impossible burgers healthy with all the chemicals to make it look and taste like meat?
why cant we use nukes on an asteroid that would otherwise hit the earth?
Why do they change the music in movies? Haven't the rights already been secured?
How come the first 100 digits of Pi is enough to calculate the diameter of the solar system down to a grain of sand?
Why don't shoes last nearly as long as vehicle tires?
I thought all words that star with a vowel and you want to use (a) you must use (an) ?
If you are you because you got half your DNA from each of your parents, why are older/younger siblings not physical carbon copies of each other?
Why have supersonic flights such as the Concorde been abolished completely?
How does water in a water tower stay "fresh" and not stagnant? From what I've read about them they're supposed to hold a days supply of water for the town they're in. Is there a backup for this backup? 1 day? That's it? Some of them look so small! No way that's enough water for the whole town.
Why do prosecuters/courts seek/sentence prison time greater than the expected lifespan of the offender (i.e. 150 years in prison)? Why not simply sentence those criminals to 'life' in prison instead?
how do they create psychological tests that can not be cheated , for example it's relatively easy to change the response to be in favour of desired psychological trait but since tests are used in pre employment or other areas they must be difficult to cheat
There are around 300 million people in the US, why do 1.5 billion census forms need to be printed?
when people suffer gunshot wounds, why do they sometimes need to undergo physical therapy to be able to walk again, even if said wounds didn't happen in their legs or spine(like in their gut or torso)? Also, why do they hurt in trying to walk again?
Why is there a risk of rejection of donated organs, but not of donated blood?
How are jellyfish Immortal?
since you're born, your eyes perceive images upside down, but in your first weeks of life, your brain learns to flip them and you see "correctly" from that point forward. Why does the brain do that?
why do graphic cards struggle to render images in video games, but can render the images for shows or animated movies so easily?
Why do human babies not have the fighting instinct that the offspring of pretty much every other species has?
How can your body so easily and rapidly tell that something that you just ate was rotten/bad in general and immediately regurgitates it?
Was the Tsar Bomba Shockwave Felt By People 3 Times?
How do they know when an endangered animal has become extinct? Or accurately tell how many are left? How do they know for sure there aren't more somewhere?
why does the color black “attract” heat?
Why we don't replace the blood in a sick person (HIV, cancer) with clean blood.
How does color on a computer screen work? I always thought that color was a way that light reflects on different materials/objects. How does this work on a TV/computer screen?
How come when Europeans came to the new world small pox killed a majority of natives, but there was not a similar disease that wiped out europeans.
How can a jacket's material be both waterproof and breathable?
What's the point in separating airplane liquids into max. 10 100ml bottles? You could just pour it all in one bottle on the plane (to make the explosive) + combine with other passengers.
How do people become addicted to 'downer' drugs? Wouldn't it make them feel worse and shouldn't we want to avoid that?
How is it that not only are there a multitude of naturally growing foods on our planet, but that they also satisfy and delight our sense of taste?
Embryology : Are muscles built from the skeleton, or is the skeleton built from the muscles ? Which comes first ?
How do my solar power calculators that I never expose to direct sunlight work for so long.
why the ocean is salty if it's fed from freshwater rivers
what it means when they say a child learns most of their vocabulary in the first three years of its life?
Why can't you just Lipo a fat person thin?
Why do hospitals use those small u-shaped trays for vomit, instead of a bowl that would actually catch all the vomit?
How do animals that hibernate function properly and not have any serious muscle impairments after they wake up?
Why can't we see the flag on the moon even with the super powerful telescopes?
If condoms were invented in the 19th century, how were STDs not a globally widespread issue when condoms did not exist?
the difference between shower gel and normal body soap.
If the Sun is mostly hydrogen, why has it been burning since the beginning of recorded time, instead of just exploding?
How do creators of free apps/websites make money?
Do amputees with bionic appendages become less fatigued from physical activity?
How does the Hubble telescope get clear images of objects without other space objects getting in the way of the shot?
Why is it that some animals cannot be domesticated? If canines are/were vicious predators why cant other animals, such as tigers, too be domesticated?
Why do clouds always seem to move left or right, never toward or away?
If we need 6-8 hours of sleep a night, how does a nap help us feel refreshed
How can a musician be sure that what he wrote is not similar to something that already exists?
How do smart screens work with skin but nothing else?
How do we know that other planets can't support life?
Can someone explain with an example how drugs are designed to target exactly the ailment they are supposed to fix and nothing else?
How are Utilitys (ex:electricity, water, gas) companies not considered monopolies?
Why do hungovers get much worse if you drink both fermented and distilled alcohol
Why does a core only have two threads in a processor?
Why is it recommended to have 8 hours of sleep when sleep cycles happen every 90 minutes, wouldn’t waking up at 8 hours be in the middle of your cycle?
Why is Rx short for pharmacy?
How are we able to increase things like our lung capacity or condition? Aside from practice and condition training, what incites the improvement?
Why isn't general anesthesia used for even the most slightly painful tasks (for example, an ear piercing or a vasectomy)?
why is it not possible to chemically engineer gold in a lab even though chemists can make elements transform or degrade into other elements through chemical reactions
How does specialized bacteria find its target?
These new technologies that remove carbon from the air. How is the CO2 molecule broken apart? I assume the two Oxygen atoms float away. My 2nd question is what happens to the carbon atom?
Since electrons flow from negative to positive, why are cars grounded to the negative terminal on the battery?
salt. Can we get a salt expert in here to talk about the difference in quality, nutrients, expense, taste differences in mined salt, sea salt, Himalayan, and other salts. I do understand that possibly 98% of this is marketing, NaCl is NaCl.
Why are toes so important for body temperature?
Why is it that online companies can take my money in 3-5 seconds, but take 3-5 DAYS to pay me back after a cancellation?
If the colour of your skin is due to the amount of melatonin, what mechanism accounts for all the different skin tones?
Why heart as a muscle does not grow over time, even when being used 24/7
Why does Flint Michigan still not have clean water?
Why don’t you have to split white and coloured clothing in laundry anymore?
how do climbing vines find structures or trees to climb up?
The universe is 98 billion lightyears across and 13.8 billion years old. Nothing travels faster than light so how did that happen?
How can the same meteor showers occur every year and not run out of meteors falling to earth or other passing planets?
why over the generations do creatures organise themselves into species rather than just slight gradients?
How does my cell phone detect WiFi without WiFi being on?
Why don’t structure fires create a chain reaction of gas line explosions the lead back all the way back to the source?
How can the price of food, school, cars, and consumer goods in general outpace inflation? Isn't that the definition of inflation?
How exactly can the U.S. "buy" Greenland?
Why is it that if a caught criminal was hurt during the crime, he gets priority treatment in hospitals?
How is looking up a hash table O(1), but looking up something in a normal array still O(n)? What's the difference between a hash table and a list of hashes?
Why does punctuation go inside the quotation?
Why when you wash a white load with a red item the colour runs and it goes pink, but if you wash a load of colours none of them get mixed?
In a closed loop system such as earth, how does animal production contribute to rising CO2 and CH4 levels?
Why do you still blink regularly when your eyes are closed already?
Why is there still so much poverty in South Africa even after apartheid?
How does a fast charging plug charge faster when the socket has the same output when there's a regular plug?
Why do head lice not drown when you have a bath?
How doctors can get near exact how much radiation people were exposed to if they weren’t wearing dosimeters?
We have permanent magnets everywhere, do permanent electrets exist and if so, where are they?
How did old fashioned land line telephones carry voices so well especially when the lines were so long and prone to breaking?
Color grading is an essential part of digital filmmaking nowadays, but how did people “color grade” film in the pre-digital era?
Why is it that in hotter regions of the world, the skin tone of natives are darker even though darker colours tend to absorb more heat than lighter ones?
How does a government knows the exact amount of physical money at any point in circulation?!
How do certain foods and alcohol result in pimples and acne forming?
Why are different objects in the same room not the same temperature? Shouldn't all of them be room temperature?
why is everything vanilla flavored white if vanilla beans are black?
why do most of us still have to work 5 days a week if productivity has been increasing for decades - shouldn’t we all be able to produce what the world needs and earn a living in only two or three days?
Nowadays we have tech that makes typing conversations easier, like in a courtroom setting. How did they accurately capture conversations in olden days though? Wouldnt the natural speed of real conversations be too fast to write down for too long?
Why can't airplane engines with inertial starter be restarted in the air from windmilling?
Why do banana's that have been split from their hand (bananagroup) rot faster than if they had'nt been split from their hand. Same goes for other fruits because i got a feeling that when a fruit gets split from the fruitbowl it rots faster.
How do they livestream events with poor cellular reception (ie Coachella)?
Why are celebrities net worths low when their annual income is so high?
Why is the percentage of calcium in the whole human body really low?
How do aquatic mammals like dolphins or whales drink water?
If electric cars are more cost effective to drive than fossil fuel cars, why aren’t all houses heated with electric heat?
Why do babies bald based on what part of their head they sleep on but the same doesn’t happen to adults?
Why are electronic payments universally trusted, but electronic voting largely viewed as a crazy idea?
How do we know the gas planets dont have a solid core?
Why do some small cuts bleed a lot whereas other larger and seemingly more serious cuts barely bleed/not at all?
how does traveling super fast sow down your aging rate?
why is it that light can travel for a billion years across the universe, but as soon as you flick off a light switch it disappears instantly?
Why do bones not decompose and fade like other material?
Why is the bread crust healthier and why do people tell others to eat it?
Why are the music royalties "harder" to obtain or mantain than other kind of royalties?
How come it took so long for pictures to be in color and what advancement happened to allow cameras to see in color?
Why are drivers on the left/right of a car, when having the driver dead set in the middle would grant better vision on both sides?
Why do mirrors invert images from left to right but not from bottom to top?
Why is it important to let an engine warm up in winter?
What happens to the DNA in blood transfusions? Why doesn’t it change your body when you have someone else’s DNA inside of you?
How does my brain/body make my jaw clench while I sleep, to the point of damaging my teeth? I get it has to do with stress, but how does this focus on my jaw muscles and not my leg muscles for examples?
Why are we more mean and more angry towards each other in School then we are when we are adults?
How can hubble telescope take pictures from the past? and how to improve our telescopes
Why are rainbows only formed by the sun and not other sources of light like street lamps or lights on buildings?
Why is fresh water in such a small supply?
Why are modern plane engines so complex despite performing such a simple function (re: compressing air)?
If heat is a consequence of particle motion, why does stirring liquids decrease their temperature?
Why do cell phone batteries drain faster when traveling?
Why do kids toss and turn at night so much more than adults do?
When cops and DEA agents perform undercover drugs busts where do they obtain said drugs?
How were ancient cities with intact brick structures excavated? Shouldn't those structures have been demolished/destroyed by the layers that cover those cities?
Movie trailers show "festival award winner". How do movies win awards before they are released?
How come lots of online services still subscribe you to their newsletters though you didn’t tick the option to do so when signing up?
How did the United Nations succeeded in maintaining world peace while the League of Nations couldn't?
If the sun is constantly adding heat/energy to earth, then why has the temperature always stayed the same?
Why we can know where 2 billiard balls that collide at the same time will go after collison but it is not possible where each one goes if 3 billiard balls collide instead of 2?
What’s the difference between infant formula for 0-6 month olds and formula for 6-12 months old?
Back in the day when watching scrambled porn (Playboy channel, etc) why did the white backgrounds/white scenes result in almost no scrambling vs dark scenes (which were extremely indiscernible).
how come in the car 65 degrees with AC on is different than 65 degrees with the AC off. Shouldn’t 65 degrees all feel the same?
Why can’t we move/feel our arms after the blood circulation is cut off, for example, when we sleep on it?
If gravity can bend light and distort images, why isn't earth's (and other planets) images distorted when we look at them through a telescope?
If you were to spend a few hours laughing really hard (like cry laughing, your stomach hurts level) would you be deficient on dopamine the next day?
The speed limits vary from 10-70 mph, with the highest speeds only being found on the interstate. My SUV can go up to 160mph. What is the point in allowing cars to go that fast if it’s illegal to actually attempt? Why aren’t general cars just capped to 80 mph? Would it not save money?
what makes people with Tourette syndrome say bad words or sentences?
Why does virtual data take up physical space, and what stops it from being unlimited?
If you can't type on a phone while using gloves, how can you butt dial?
Why is it better to gain muscle than fat?
Why is it that we don't feel pain when we're asleep?
how do they evenly mix and distribute cake pieces into ice cream (Blue Bell Bride’s Cake for reference) without turning the cake to mush?
How our respiratory system knows, that there is enough oxygen in air to breathe correctly?
If our skin cells completely replace themselves every seven years, how can a tattoo be permanent?
Why are waterproof phones rated for time periods submerged etc... (ie, 5m for 30 mintues). Doesnt waterproof mean water does not get in? Why is there a time limit.
How do diseases survive without hosts?
Why are Performance Enhancing Drugs in baseball treated much more harshly than in other sports such as football and basketball?
Why are C# and Db not the same? (Or any other set of #/b.) Is there a difference in Hertz? How big?
How can something be 46 billion light years away from Earth, When the age of universe itself is 13 billion years?
If heat rises, why is it not warmer the higher in the sky you get?
Why can animals foster different species with their breastmilk but humans only really do well with human breastmilk?
If Caffeine just blocks adenosine in the brain from making you feel sleepy, how is it a stimulant for the central nervous system?
Why can we not remember everything?
Why haven’t Blu-Rays completely replaced DVDs like DVDs completely replaced VHS?
If the fetal position is such a natural sleeping position, why does slouching while sitting down negatively affect the spine over time?
If I'm paying for 100mbs download speed why does it take longer than 10 seconds to DL 1 gigabyte
As babies, how do we pick up our tongue language easily by just listening without needing our parents to explain the meaning of the words?
How does meat not go off in the time hunters kill in the wild to the time it reaches refrigeration?
How can horses grow massive muscles while only eating straw but humans need a balanced diet and protein?
Death penalty. Do you only have to be found guilty of the crime, or do convicted criminals go through some sort of psychological and/or psychiatric evaluation?
How do certain animals or reptiles grow according to the size of their cage.
How do open world games look so big and seem to scale, yet the character can move about them so quickly?
How are TVs able to use red green and blue to display an entire range of colors, instead of using the primary colors?
Why can’t we just burn all our trash?
What force is driving all galaxies to rush away from each other at an ever quickening-speed? The expansion rate of the observable universe is accelerating. Where does it get the energy? Is it even energy?
Why are pigs never kept in pastures like cattle?
How do surgeons make sure air doesn't get trapped in patients' bodies during and after surgeries? Could it even be lethal?
If everything leads to disorder (law of entropy), how did life form millions of years ago?
how does nvidia and amd make any money (besides selling their own graphics cards) if other brands are using their series under their own brand
Why is Hurricane Dorian consider the worst hurricane in decades to hit Florida, if its estimated that will arrive as C4 when Irma arrived as C5?.
Why can we land on top of the moon, but not a planet?
Why couldnt older humans have infinite transplants using younger organs to stay alive?
Why did the Soviets give up on landing on the moon?
In movies when people are dying, the person that cares for them tells them not to waste energy talking, is it realistic for that last little amount of energy spent talking to be the difference between life and death?
Why is pi considered infinite but the diameter will fit around the circumference at some point
How do animals have a seemingly much higher pain threshold than humans? Have we just become 'soft'?
Why doesn’t it thunder and lightning during a snowstorm?
I spilt bleach on my clothes. Why are some clothes extremely discolored and others unaffected?
Why is it that we can look up who owns a house but not who owns a car?
if b12 is a water soluble vitamin, why does it get stored in the liver and not peed out like other water soluble vitamins?
How to doctors keep your heart beating during bypass surgery?
Why is it so hard to turn sea water into drinkable water for everyone — especially those in need?
why do the laces(collar) on my hoodie go left and right meanwhile I go forward
Some food has different times to be digested. How does your stomach/guts know when it is 'ready' when it is mixed all together?
Why have we been able to clone animals since the 90s, but lab-grown meat is still just an emerging technology?
How do two devices on the internet agree on a transmission rate?
Why can’t countries with high-valued yet cheap currencies (Eg: 1400 Iraq dinar~1 US dollar) simply remove those zeros?
Why can't dental crowns be whitened/have something placed over them to make them whiter?
Why can’t we eat junk all day and then just take a multivitamin for what we’re lacking?
How the US lost the ability/technology to land on the moon, after 50 years of industry advancement
Why do all vitamin supplements say that their claimed benefits aren't verified. Do we really not have any confirmation of what vitamins do?
How is a species determined to be extinct? How can we truly verify whether or not there are other members of a species still present in nature, especially small creatures such as insects?
are microplastics more or less dangerous for humans than the fumes from burning plastic?
Why is the government allowed to redact information in their FOIA requests? Isn't this against the whole concept of "freedom of information"?
why does putting pressure on a wound facilitate clotting?
Why do UK houses use timber joists and floorboards for upper floors instead of concrete?
How do businesses not lose money from all of the Black Friday deals they offer?
How are underwater tunnels for cars reinforced to make them safe from the incredible water pressure above and more importantly how are the monitored to ensure they aren’t weakening?
What actually happens to the body during an asthma attack? Why can't you just calm down and breathe?
How do companies (MITRE, Lincoln Lab, SRC, etc) bring in money hand-over-fist and still be "not for profit"? Some of these even own other companies that manufacture and sell products.
How did we figure out what plants and animals were edible? Did someone just take one for the team and try it and if they didn’t die we knew it was safe to eat?
During a battle during the American Civil War, how would generals have accurate maps of elevation, roads, woods, etc and know where their troops were and how they were doing as a major battle was unfolding?
Why hasn't Bluetooth been replaced by another technology such as infrared wireless, ultra wideband, induction wireless, etc.?
How do checkout aisle tabloid magazines publish clearly outrageous stories about celebs and avoid being libelous?
Splitting an atom releases a ton of energy. Why can't we use the energy from atoms to power things like cars?
If cardio is done by raising the heart rate to a high level and sustaining it, why does the heart not constantly improve its health since it never stops beating?
If you jump inside a moving airplane you will continue to move with the airplane and won’t fall a few rows behind...? How come the same can’t be said for a car
Why is it considered a step up for actors and actresses to move on from television shows to movies?
How do pool tables know the difference between the white ball and the colors when returning a sunken white ball?
If the body needs glucose to turn into energy, why does it matter what food we eat if it all turns into the same stuff in the end.
how does a yeti cooler keep things colder for longer than other coolers?
What actually happens when we run out of IPv4 Addresses?
After surgery, how do they get all the air out of your body before stitching you back up?
Whats the difference between sepsis and septicaemia? Isn't both bacterial infection in the blood?
how do touchscreens detect skin and rubber, but nothing else?
What would happen if the UK leaves the EU with a no-deal?
Why does the the brain ignore the 2nd "the"?
Why are fires not fought with Sea Water? Isn't using fresh water to fight fires considered a waste?
the difference between a fractured and a broken bone because I keep getting corrected on it but honestly don’t know the difference
How can it be illegal to have really dark tint on windows for the back seat and further, when some vehicles don't have windows there at all?
why can’t we just evaporate some sea water, leaving salt behind and boom – freshwater?
Why do americans need to get the flu shot every flu season? I'm on eastern Europe and we never had flu shots over here, just some regular mandatory ones for tetanus and stuff like that
How do astronauts wash their clothes and shower in the ISS where the water supply is very limited?
Why kids(6ish) can sleep so heavily, easily, and through things, and why adults can't?
how a 100 watt 220v bulb will perform the same at 110v. Wouldn't it become dim in low voltage? secondly if the performance is same isn't it more economical and conserving?
If babies lungs are filled with fluid at birth, and the mother does a water birth, what would happen if the baby wasn't taken out of the water? Why can't it just stay in water like a mermaid?
why was everything big when dinosaurs roamed the earth but now everything is small?
What is it exactly about languages like Russian or German, that give them a "harsh" sounds? What is it about languages like French or Italian, that give a "smoother" flow?
If Chlorine and Urine makes toxic gas when mixed, then how come the air inside a bath house/swimming pool isn't dangerous?
If you're short-sighted when you're young but gradually become long-sighted when you age, is there actually a point where you have perfect vision?
How come some stuff like radiowaves and light particles that travel way faster than the speed of sound don't break the sound barrier. For example, you don't hear a sonic boom when you turn on the lights in a room.
why are the musical notes represented by letters in some places (C-D-E-F-G-A-B), but in others by their sound (do-re-mi-fa-sol-la-si-do) ?
how does Toys R Us royally screw former employees out of wages and due benefits by filing for bankruptcy but is able to open a new brick and mortar store domestically without having to make good on the former?
How languages like Chinese, Japanese and Arabic, with their own writing systems can be written with the latin alphabet? Can latin languages and English be written in their systems?
What does the red chalky stuff do to your pool cue?
Why doesn’t Advil/Tylenol dose increase by weight?
If stars twinkle and planets are reflecting a star’s light, why would a planet “twinkle” as well?
How do paralysed individuals still have functioning organs?
Why can plastic be opaque or transparent but we can’t make transparent metal?
In the Rick and Morty Universe why are all of the iterations from all of the dementions the same age?
How do bars and cafés keep flies away ?
If perpetual motion isn't a thing, why hasn't the Earth stopped spinning?
How do hummingbirds establish dominance without physically fighting?
How does GPS work while my phone is on airplane mode?
I bought stock in a company, and they are being acquired by another company. My shares are being bought for $1.27 each later this year. But the stock is still doing volume of nearly a million shares a day at around $1.26 to $1.27. Why would anyone keep trading the stock at this point?
Why can’t the washer and dryer be one singular machine instead of two separate machines
How are any cab companies in business outside of major cities?
Why is it so hard to convert salt water to drinkable water? Wouldn't this be the solution to every water problem we have?
How do craneflies hunt if they can't even navigate properly?
In a first person shooter, how is the video game able to track the trajectory of a fired bullet and its interaction with online players in real time?
Why is the kilogram redefined as equal to the mass of 1.4755214 x 10^1040 photons when photons have no mass?
How does the body redirect blood flow to other parts (ex: flight or fight response)
how/why does ambient noise (rain fall) help people fall asleep faster?
How does the brain perceive proximity when eyes are closed?
Why are there so many testosterone supplements advertised for men but no estrogen supplements advertised for women?
If moist environments promote bacteria growth why is having a dry mouth and other places considered GOOD for bacteria?
How does the stomach let liquids we drink pass through and stop stomach acids doing the same?
All my life people have said that it takes more gas to start a car than it does to drive it. So why do all these new cars have the feature that shuts off the engine at red lights that supposedly saves gas?
why does the sun evaporate water even though water evaporates at a 100C°
Many get sick every year with viruses and doctors say tough it out. How is there no treatment for it? How is it we always overcome it? Doesn’t it seem possible a super virus will come along kill many?
if the universe is infinite, how can there be a finite amount of mater/engery?
How does 1080 stadia use so much more data than 1080 video/youtube.
Is it really healthier to eat sugary fruit (like apples and oranges) than it is to eat a similar amount of sugar from candy/soda?
Why does cold wind have a higher pitch than warm wind?
What keeps oceans and seas from spreading viruses and many other contagious illnesses?
If I have a shot of vodka at 40% ABV and add a shot of water to the glass, is the new drink now 20% ABV?
Why do antivirus programs "quarantine" threats instead of just removing them?
It takes the stomach 1-2 hours to breakdown food before it's ready for the next step of digestion but if a person were to eat every ~30 minutes how does the organ differentiate between the newer food and the older food (which is ready to be passed to the small intestine)?
What force or reason causes waves to go back to the normal once the have reaches their peak or trough.
why can't clothes dryer send the static to ground?
If a prediction of a recession causes the market to crash, can it be said that the prediction itself is part of the cause of the recession? Like a self-fulfilling prophecy?
why do our eyes burn when things like soap get in them but stop burning when we close our eyes?
Why does burning gas from gas tank makes black smoke but using it in a vehicle doesn't?
How do newspaper companies print so many coloured newspapers, selling them dirt cheap, and yet if I printed a single newspapers-worth, I'd easily spend 20x the price of a newspaper on ink.
why can’t you wash certain items too hot to avoid them shrinking, but you CAN iron those same items on a much higher temperature without ruining them?
how did a country as geographically small as England go on to own like 95% of the planet?
Why does asking someone to help us choose between things help us to solidify our answer, even if it is not the choice that the other person suggested?
Why aren't there planes with solar panels on their top?
What is the easiest way to calculate mentally large multiplication sums e.g 30 x 40 x 50 x 60
How is it possible for wisdom teeth to grow again after being pulled once already and how exactly does the regrowing work?
How do a handful of GPS satellites handle the millions of users every day?
Why do headaches hurt even through there are no pain receptors in the brain?
How is it possible that we don't know how the Egyptians built the pyramids?
How and why are doctors sure tinnitus is a fake, individual sound and not a sound only a special group of people can hear after being injured or ill in some way?
How does coffee help people with ADHD calm down as opposed to getting even more hyper?
How does free trade agreements protect local market?
How does aerobic exercise help a person maintain a healthy heart, as opposed to it deteriorating from high usage?
How come Google-translate is so bad when everything else google does works so well?
How did businesses that have been open 100+ years survive the great depression?
It’s not uncommon for one country to own another countries debt. Is there any history of one country calling-in said debt to debilitate the other country? If so, what were the results? Economic turmoil? Recession? War?
How do painkillers know where people have pain?
Why is on-hold music during phone calls of such poor sound quality?
Why do pain killers kill existing pain like headaches, but don't help with new pain like when you stub your toe or bump your head?
How do stop lights with on-road weight sensors work, exactly?
How do saltwater marine animals not die from dehydration?
Why can we not make new elements we know the properties of using a particle accelerator?
Pork rinds are incomplete protein and are labeled "not a good source of protein" but beans are also an incomplete protein and do not have this same label. Why?
When someone receives a large scale surgery which requires them being ‘opened’ to some degree, when the surgeons close them, does the air now inside their body cause issues?
Why can’t the United Nations or another relevant body fine a country for causing haze which negatively affects the air quality of its neighbouring countries?
